background the first one being my hair light or rim light there was actually a
light or rim light there was actually a
light or rim light there was actually a light behind me hitting my head and
light behind me hitting my head and
light behind me hitting my head and shoulders to separate me from the
shoulders to separate me from the
shoulders to separate me from the background and the light that's being
background and the light that's being
background and the light that's being used for my hair light is a gvm panel
used for my hair light is a gvm panel
used for my hair light is a gvm panel light that i have set to a warmer
light that i have set to a warmer
light that i have set to a warmer temperature because i want it to match
temperature because i want it to match
temperature because i want it to match my lamp right and you can see it's being
my lamp right and you can see it's being
my lamp right and you can see it's being suspended kind of like in mid-air by
suspended kind of like in mid-air by
suspended kind of like in mid-air by magic now i'm just kidding that is uh
magic now i'm just kidding that is uh
magic now i'm just kidding that is uh being suspended by what is called a very
being suspended by what is called a very
being suspended by what is called a very pole and what i love about this is it
pole and what i love about this is it
pole and what i love about this is it requires no screws or anything to be
requires no screws or anything to be
requires no screws or anything to be able to mount lightings or if you even
able to mount lightings or if you even
able to mount lightings or if you even want to like suspend a camera or
want to like suspend a camera or
want to like suspend a camera or whatever you want to use that pull for
whatever you want to use that pull for
whatever you want to use that pull for you can do so and it just does it by
you can do so and it just does it by
you can do so and it just does it by tension and so you set the tension and
tension and so you set the tension and
tension and so you set the tension and you lock it in place and it's been
you lock it in place and it's been
you lock it in place and it's been hanging for like a year and a half now
hanging for like a year and a half now
hanging for like a year and a half now so it's pretty sweet but that is my hair
so it's pretty sweet but that is my hair
so it's pretty sweet but that is my hair light and then the other light that i